We have deployed a POD. Inspect the POD and wait for it to start running.
   kubectl get pods

The application stores logs at location /log/app.log. View the logs.
   cat /log/app.log

If the POD was to get deleted now, would you be able to view these logs.
   no

Configure a volume to store these logs at /var/log/webapp on the host
Use the spec given on the right.
   kubectl edit pod webapp --> add volume and the mount path
   kubectl delete pod webapp
   kubectl create -f /tmp/kubectl-edit-t356k.yaml

Create a 'Persistent Volume' with the given specification.
   see file in dir
   kubectl create -f pers-volume.yaml

Let us claim some of that storage for our application. Create a 'Persistent Volume Claim' with the given specification.
   see file in dir
   kubectl create -f pers-volume-claim.yaml

What is the state of the Persistent Volume Claim?
   kubectl get persistentvolumeclaims --> pending

What is the state of the Persistent Volume Claim?
   kubectl get persistentvolumes --> available

Why is the Claim not bound to the available Persistent Volume?
   access mode mismatch

Update the Access Mode on the claim to bind it to the PVC.
Delete and recreate the claim-log-1
   kubectl edit persistentvolumeclaim claim-log-1 --> change to read write many and delete status
   kubectl delete persistentvolumeclaim claim-log-1
   kubectl create -f /tmp/kubectl-edit-bqk83.yaml

You requested for 50Mi, how much capacity is now available to the PVC?
   100Mi

Update the webapp pod to use the persistent volume claim as its storage.
Replace hostPath configured earlier with the newly created PersistentVolumeClaim
   kubectl edit pod webapp --> change volume to persistentVolumeClaim: claimName: claim-log-1
   delete and recreate pod

What is the Reclaim Policy set on the Persistent Volume - 'pv-log'
   kubectl describe persistentvolumes --> Retain

What would happen to the PV if the PVC was destroyed?
   not deleted bbut not available

Try deleting the PVC and notice what happens.
   kubectl delete persistentvolumeclaim claim-log-1 --> stuck

Why is the PVC stuck in 'Terminating' state?
   is being used by a pod

Let us now delete the 'webapp' Pod.
Once deleted, wait for the pod to fully terminate.
   kubectl delete pod webapp

What is the state of the PVC now?
   kubectl get persistentvolumeclaims --> deleted

What is the state of the PV now?
   kubectl get persistentvolumes --> released