Which namespace is the Ingress Controller deployed in?
   kubectl get pods --all-namespaces --> ingress-space

What is the name of the Ingress Controller Deployment?
   kubectl get deployments --all-namespaces --> nginx-ingress-controller

Which namespace are the applications deployed in?
   kubectl get pods --all-namespaces --> app-space

How many applications are deployed in the app-space namespace?
Count the number of deployments in this namespace
   kubectl get pods --all-namespaces --> 3

Which namespace is the Ingress Resource deployed in?
   kubectl get ingresses --all-namespaces --> app-space

What is the name of the Ingress Resource?
   kubectl get ingresses --all-namespaces --> ingress-wear-watch

What is the Host configured on the ingress-resource?
The host entry defines the domain name that users use to reach the application like www.google.com
   kubectl describe -n app-space ingresses ingress-wear-watch --> * all hosts

What backend is the /wear path on the Ingress configured with?
   kubectl describe -n app-space ingresses ingress-wear-watch --> wear-service:8080

At what path is the video streaming application made available on the Ingress?
   kubectl describe -n app-space ingresses ingress-wear-watch --> watch

If the requirement does not match any of the configured paths what service are the requests forwarded to?
   kubectl describe -n app-space ingresses ingress-wear-watch --> / default-http-backend

Now view the Ingress Service using the tab at the top of the terminal. Which page do you see?
Click on the tab named 'ingress'
   --> 404

You are requested to change the URLs at which the applications are made available.
Make the video application available at /stream.
   kubectl edit ingresses -n app-space ingress-wear-watch --> change watch to stream

A user is trying to view the /eat URL on the Ingress Service. Which page would he see?
If not open already, click on the Ingress tab above your terminal, and append /eat to the URL in the browser.
   --> 404

Due to increased demand, your business decides to take on a new venture. You acquired a food delivery company. Their applications have been migrated over to your cluster.
Inspect the new deployments in the app-space.
You are requested to add a new path to your ingress to make the food delivery application available to your customers.
Make the new application available at /eat.
   kubectl edit ingresses -n app-space ingress-wear-watch --> add new backend

A new payment service has been introduced. Since it is critical, the new application is deployed in its own namespace.
Identify the namespace in which the new application is deployed
   kubectl get pods --all-namespaces --> critical-space

What is the name of the deployment of the new application?
   kubectl get pods --all-namespaces --> webapp-pay-5b4bdd5bb8-4mnzx

You are requested to make the new application available at /pay.
Identify and implement the best approach to making this application available on the ingress controller and test to make sure its working. Look into annotations: rewrite-target as well.
   https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/examples/rewrite/
   see file in dir
   kubectl create -f pay-ingress.yaml
